rated M for Mature
a CD Projekt RED it has always been our
goal to take you on adventures both
legendary and grounded in reality to
tell you stories where breathtaking
magic fantastic creatures and angel
prophecies are interwoven with religious
fanaticism war crimes even racism see
there is it's this very vision that
we've realized in our most ambitious
project to date the open world of The
Witcher Wild Hunt
welcome travel drink with me of
cocksucker the northern realms span a
vast continent filled with remote
outposts quaint villages and bustling
cities of astonishing mouths varied
landscapes we'll see you riding into
mountain valleys sailing the open seas
and exploring forgotten temples
however this land is brimming with
conflict
racial hatred often erupts into violence
and war between the mighty has driven
people from their homes but one plague
runs revit monsters they haunt the
countryside breeding city sewers and
rule the wilderness feasting on merchant
caravans
that's where you come in which should
have expected as much you'll play as a
Witcher a monster slayer for hire
mutated to have superhuman abilities
people might think you're a freak but
everyone can use the help of a
professional
khloé vampire no we put a lot of effort
into seamlessly blending gameplay with
the surrounding environment
monster behavior and tactics changed
depending on the time of day or terrain
these shifting circumstances that will
often determine if you are hunter or
prey clear an area of monsters and
you'll witness people settling in
transforming dangerous areas into
sprawling hubs where you can buy and
sell gear hundreds of armor and weapon
upgrades await you but it's the way you
fight that makes all the difference
invest in sword skills to develop
special moves level up your alchemy
skills and gather rare herbs to create
potions and bombs or master the Arcana
of magic signs and annihilate your foes
with a twist of your fingers
she's returned Geralt in The Witcher
Wild Hunt you take on the greatest
contract of her life to track down the
child of prophecy a living weapon that
can alter the shape of the world there
might be a killers were higher witches
you decide what kind of man you are
gonna say who you are or do I need a
look-see the trouble would be nice
indulge your human side how about I buy
everybody around bottoms own or choose
the path of a ruthless outcast and
hearing to your own brand of justice go
away or I'll kill you and watch the
world burn whoever you are in the
northern realms you'll find what you're
looking for whether it's horse racing
getting drunk and following your heart
or just satisfying your passion playing
cards brawler
discovering places of power with hunting
treasure for joining in ancient rituals
toward your own adventure in the most
realistic fantasy of our times
welcome today with your wife
you